chore/new README.md (#5)
iExecBlockchainComputing/.github: profile/README.md

# iExec Blockchain Computing Developer Guide

[![DOCS](https://img.shields.io/badge/DOCS-03BE09)](https://docs.iex.ec/)
[![CALENDAR](https://img.shields.io/badge/CALENDAR-F9F502)](https://www.iex.ec/iexec-roadmap)
[![TELEGRAM](https://img.shields.io/badge/TELEGRAM-0087E5)](https://t.me/iexec_rlc_official)
[![DISCORD](https://img.shields.io/badge/DISCORD-purple)](https://discord.com/invite/pbt9m98wnU)

> [iExec](https://iex.ec) makes it easy to add privacy to your existing apps, or build new ones with privacy at the core.
> 

> > iExec privacy tools bring encrypted processing, data governance, and trusted execution to your apps, powered by a decentralized network of TEE-based compute.

Reviewer: encrypted processing => not true
You can telle instead
iExec privacy tools bring privacy-preserving computation, data governance, and trusted execution to your apps, powered by a decentralized network of TEE-based compute.

>
> These components integrate directly into applications without the need to deploy or manage infrastructure. 🚀

---

## 💻 Dev Tools

> Build, protect, and deploy your confidential apps with iExec’s developer toolkit.

| Name | Description | Repo |
|------|--------------|------|
| [iApp Generator](https://docs.iex.ec/references/iapp-generator) | CLI tool to scaffold and deploy iExec Confidential Apps | [iExecBlockchainComputing/iapp](https://github.com/iExecBlockchainComputing/iapp) |

> | [Data Protector](https://docs.iex.ec/get-started/helloWorld/2-protectData) | Protect and share data using a decentralized privacy layer | [iExecBlockchainComputing/dataprotector-sdk](https://github.com/iExecBlockchainComputing/dataprotector-sdk) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Data Protector](https://docs.iex.ec/references/dataProtector/getting-started) | Protect and share data using a decentralized privacy layer | [iExecBlockchainComputing/dataprotector-sdk](https://github.com/iExecBlockchainComputing/dataprotector-sdk) |
```

> | [Data Protector](https://docs.iex.ec/get-started/helloWorld/2-protectData) | Protect and share data using a decentralized privacy layer | [iExecBlockchainComputing/dataprotector-sdk](https://github.com/iExecBlockchainComputing/dataprotector-sdk) |

Reviewer: Can you add a `latest release` column with chips representing the latest SDK version like this? For instance :

<img width="257" height="165" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1245d307-cdad-4038-87f1-cddd0bfc9c53" />

---

## ⚡ Quick Start

> Get started quickly with iExec's Decentralized Data Protection.

| Name              | Description                                                                                                  | Repo                                                                        |
| ----------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [React Starter](https://github.com/iExecBlockchainComputing/iexec-react-starter)     | Using Privy SDK                          | [iExecBlockchainComputing/iexec-react-starter](https://github.com/iExecBlockchainComputing/iexec-react-starter) |
| [Next.js Starter](https://github.com/iExecBlockchainComputing/iexec-nextjs-starter)   | Using Reown integration | [iExecBlockchainComputing/iexec-nextjs-starter](https://github.com/iExecBlockchainComputing/iexec-nextjs-starter) |

> | [Vue.js Starter](https://github.com/iExecBlockchainComputing/iexec-vuejs-starter)    | Using Reown integration                                | [iExecBlockchainComputing/iexec-vuejs-starter](https://github.com/iExecBlockchainComputing/iexec-vuejs-starter) |

Reviewer: links are replicated here - remove the first one on the name
